Label Volume Endpoint (#9588)
grafana/loki: docs/sources/configuration/_index.md

# List of headers forwarded by the query Frontend to downstream querier.
# CLI flag: -frontend.forward-headers-list
[forward_headers_list: <list of strings> | default = []]

# Cache index stats query results.
# CLI flag: -querier.cache-index-stats-results
[cache_index_stats_results: <boolean> | default = false]

# If a cache config is not specified and cache_index_stats_results is true, the
# config for the results cache is used.
index_stats_results_cache:
  # The cache block configures the cache backend.
  # The CLI flags prefix for this block configuration is:
  # frontend.index-stats-results-cache
  [cache: <cache_config>]

>   # Use compression in results cache. Supported values are: 'snappy' and ''

Reviewer: Just to make this consistent with the text I suggested on #9649 

```suggestion
  # Use compression in cache. The default is an empty value '', which disables compression.
```

>   # (disable compression).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # (Supported values are: 'snappy' and ''. 
```
